# DATA270-GWAR
Amazon Warehouse Bin Size Verification Using Image Processing And Machine Learning
Accurate inventory management is crucial for robotics-driven data warehouses. This project aims to enhance Amazon’s robotic systems by integrating advanced image processing and machine learning techniques. The approach involves using images to verify bin item sizes and accurately identify the number of items in each bin, thereby ensuring a reduction in inventory discrepancies for the order fulfillment process. The project uses contrast-limited adaptive histogram equalization to augment the contrast of the photos, while Laplacian of Gaussian is utilized to accentuate the edges of the image. Finer details in the images are calculated using a high-pass filter and bilateral filtering to reduce noise. In addition, models such as Convolutional Neural Networks(CNN), Faster R-CNN, Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training(CLIP), and You Only Look Once(YOLO) are built to predict the number of items in bins. The results demonstrate that CNN and Faster R-CNN achieve a 56% accuracy in predicting bin items, while CLIP demonstrates a 60% accuracy. However, YOLO shows 70% accuracy and makes strong predictions when the number of bin items increases and the former models become more accurate. Thus, the project demonstrates findings that enhance the robots' proficiency in managing activities within warehouse systems through image processing alongside machine learning models. This enables the possibility of detecting items in real-world applications, as well as the ability to enhance accuracy at different inventory levels.


